Update the structure of Synthetic monitoring section (#1725)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/synthetics-create-test.asciidoc

[[synthetics-create-test]]
= Write a synthetic test

++++

> <titleabbrev>Write a synthetic test</titleabbrev>

Reviewer: I guess one confusing challenge here is that inline journeys only use the `step` syntax (plus playwright). That context feels important here to me, maybe we need a preamble explaining that? I think just seeing a couple of examples would be most clear. We do explain this more later, but it'd be good to have some sort of context here.

Your thoughts?

Reviewer 2: IMHO that might be a bit too much information up-front. I do think we should explain that to users, but one thing I always like is when documentation only exposes me to what I need to know at that particular moment.

To summarise, when I was writing my book, my publisher's advice was "just in time, not just in case". In this case, I think we'd be including this information "just in case", not because it's necessary at this particular moment.

If I were to make the call, I'd add that information as close as possible to where we explain how to create a monitor with an inline journey in Heartbeat or the UI. I also think it would be worth using a callout so it's out of the main text flow.

Reviewer: I think I can see this one both ways. I won't block the review on this, I'm +1 on leaving up to @colleenmcginnis 's judgement here

[[synthetics-create-test]]
= Write a synthetic test

++++
<titleabbrev>Write a synthetic test</titleabbrev>
++++

[[synthetics-syntax]]

beta[] To write synthetic tests for your application, you'll need to know basic JavaScript and
{playwright-url}[Playwright] syntax.
The synthetics agent exposes an API for creating and running tests, including:

[horizontal]
`journey`::     Tests one discrete unit of functionality.
                Takes two parameters: a `name` (string) and a `callback` (function).
                See <<synthetics-create-journey>>.
`step`::        Actions within a journey that should be completed in a specific order.
                Takes two parameters: a `name` (string) and a `callback` (function).
                See <<synthetics-create-step>>.

> `beforeAll`::   Runs a provided function before all `journey` runs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`beforeAll`::   Runs a provided function once, before any `journey` runs.
```

                If the provided function is a promise, the runner will wait for the
                promise to resolve before invoking the `journey`.
                Takes one parameter: a `callback` (function).
                See <<before-after>>.
`before`::      Runs a provided function before a single `journey` runs.
                Takes one parameter: a `callback` (function).
                See <<before-after>>.

> `afterAll`::    Runs a provided function after all the `journey` runs have completed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`afterAll`::    Runs a provided function once, after all the `journey` runs have completed.
```

I think it's important to include "once" for these hooks so it's clear they don't run for _each_ journey.

expected value. See https://jestjs.io/docs/expect[Jest expect docs] for more information.

[discrete]
[[before-after]]
== Set up and remove a global state

If there are any actions that should be done before or after journeys, you can use `before`, `beforeAll`, `after`, or `afterAll`.

> For example, set up global state or a server that will be used for a single `journey` using `before` or across more than one journey using `beforeAll`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up global state or a server that will be used for a **single** `journey`, for example, use a `before` hook. To perform this setup once before **all** journeys, use a `beforeAll` hook.
```

[source,js]
----
before(({ params }) => {
  // Actions to take
});

beforeAll(({ params }) => {
  // Actions to take
});
----

> Or you can remove a global state or close a server used for a single `journey` using `after` or across more than one journey using `afterAll`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can cleanup global state or close a server used for a **single** `journey` using an `after` hook. To perform this cleanup once after all journeys, use an `afterAll` hook.
```
